don't believe this wow look at this
refrigerator it's gigantic I could live
in this thing I'd be cool but I'm always
cold come kiss fighter purrs I love
spider burgers so you like it oh it is
so perfect thank you so much are you up
Oh
did you just smell my hair oh no way
what Oh God what you still have feelings
for me don't you no no I'm just excited
about the restaurant that's all Pete
okay I love you is that so bad I know
it's not bad it's not bad at all it's
it's really nice look the only one who
stands to get hurt is me and I'm okay
with that you may be okay with getting
hurt but I am NOT okay with being the
one who hurts you that's why I can't
take this job what well we probably
shouldn't see each other anymore I'm
sorry okay yeah let me up that's if
that's really what you want okay I'm
sorry things they were to shut up for a
second and let me just see something
oh wow
you